Aakanksha/security w (#215)
NuevoFoundation/workshops: content/english/security-phishing/6-Summary/_index.md

---
title: "Summary"
description: ""
draft: false
weight: 6

> translationKey: "security-6"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---
	

> #### In conclusion the common features showed by a Phishing scams has the following one or all the properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Conclusion

In conclusion, the common features found in Phishing scams have at least one of the following properties:
```

1. Lucrative offers or attention grabbing statements.
2. Unusual sender of unexpected behavior or character.
3. Sense of urgency by asking you to act fast because of limited time offers or deals. 
`Example: Your password is about to expire click here to change it immediately. `
4. Suspicious hyperlinks. Hovering over the link will show the actual URL you will be directed to. 
5. Misspellings or grammatical mistakes. 
`Example:  mail@g00gle.com instead of mail@google.com`
6. Email attachments with random file name or extensions. 

### Solution

In the activity "What's Phishy" the following emails and texts were potential phishing attempts:
1. The email from spotifyaccounts.

> 2. The text from amazon for free airpods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The text from Amazon for free Airpods.
```
